## Changelog

### New Features

- Enable use of the Carpenter / build menu via TileViewer commands (arrow keys to move, control + enter to build) - @ParadoxiKat.
- Enable speaking of skills page - @khanshoaib3.
- Enable speaking of Collections page and speaking of secret notes - @ParadoxiKat.

### Feature Updates

- Create new "To do" categories "Pending" and "Ready" for items that need the farmer's attention - @ParadoxiKat.
  - Move harvestable crops, bushes and fruit trees, as well as machines with outputs to Ready category - @ParadoxiKat.
  - Move unwatered crops, empty pet bowl and empty feeding bench to Pending category - @ParadoxiKat.
  - Move fridges and island shipping bin to Containers category - @ParadoxiKat.
  - Move sinks to Water category - @ParadoxiKat.
- Added unread mail alert when first entering the farm if player has unread mail. Only once per game day - @ParadoxiKat.
- Provided English text descriptions for image secret notes - @JJpanSai.
- Speak category wise profit break down; The game speaks the breakdown as the page opens, we can also use the PrimaryInfoKey to repeat the profit list. Date is also spoken. - @khanshoaib3.

### Bug Fixes

- Fix 250+ build errors; update namespaces, function signatures, object ids etc - @ParadoxiKat and @khanshoaib3
- Fix big craftables and furniture in inventory - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix Carpenter Menu and BuildList Command - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix generic menus patch and footsteps patch - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix a horse with no name - @ParadoxiKat.
- Fix name choice dialog should speak new random names when clicking the random button - @ParadoxiKat.
- Fix repairable items in boat tunnel speaking fluent keys - @ParadoxiKat.
- Fix shop menus - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix animal info in animal menu; improve info in other shop menus - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix calendar menu not narrating events - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix pets and shirts not reading in character creation menu - @ParadoxiKat.
- Fix bug trying to read items in vault bundle - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix "Repair Ticket Machine" in boat tunnel; move repairable items from BoatTunnel and bridge on Beach to Pending category - @khanshoaib3.
- Fix town entrance in movie theater - @khanshoaib3.

### Tile Tracker Changes

- Add mushroom boxes as machines so they are properly tracked / reflect status changes - @khanshoaib3.
- Added unread mail count to mailbox when there is mail and moved it to Pending category - @ParadoxiKat.
- Prepend other players names to mailboxes and cabins/farmhouse. The owner name is pre-pended to the cabin/farm house only if it is not of the current owner. So, for the second player, the cabin's mail box will be read as Mail Box while the farm house's mail box will be read as [First player's name] Mail Box without the unread mail count status. - @khanshoaib3

### Misc

- Optimize category look ups for builtin categories - @ParadoxiKat.
- Reimplement social page patch; it now speaks whether or not you have met the npc - @ParadoxiKat.
- Added buffs info (if applicable) and ingredients and proper description of purchasable recipes from shop menus - @khanshoaib3.

### Translation Changes

- Modified(character_creation.en.ftl): `menu-character_creation-description-shirt` = [Updated English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/character_creation_menu.en.ftl#L229-L346)
- New(en.ftl): `tile-pet_bowl-prefix` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/en.ftl#L136-L142)
- New(en.ftl): `tile-mail_box-unread_mail_count-prefix` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/en.ftl#L159-L162)
- New(en.ftl): `npc_name-horse_with_no_name` = `A horse with no name`
- New(en.ftl): `object_category-fishpond` = `Fish Pond`
- New(en.ftl): `object_category-pending` = `Pending`
- New(en.ftl): `object_category-ready` = `Ready`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `common-ui-forward_button` = `Forward button`
- Modified(menu.en.ftl): `menu-social_page-npc_info` = [Updated English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L166-L179)
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-social_page-player_info` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L181-L184)
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-tabs` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L187-L190)
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-unachieved` = `Unachieved`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-uncaught` = `Uncaught`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-uncooked` = `Uncooked`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-unfound` = `Unfound`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-collections_page-unshipped` = `Unshipped`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-skills_page-player_info` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L214-L222)
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-skills_page-skill_info` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L223-L224)
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-shop-recipe_ingredients_info` = `Ingredients: {$ingredients_list}`
- New(menu.en.ftl): `menu-letter_viewer-image_note` = [English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L398-L407)
- Modified(menu.en.ftl): `menu-billboard-calendar-day_info` = [Updated English value](https://github.com/khanshoaib3/stardew-access/blob/b399274aec21fc520c2fe0a076e49f1c17c4bafa/stardew-access/i18n/menu.en.ftl#L460-L469)
- New(static_tiles.en.ftl): `static_tile-movie_theater-town_entrance` = `Town`

